Introduce Fixed elements (#87)
AlchemyCMS/alchemy-guides: guides/elements.md

Given global pages with `page_layout` "header" and "footer".

### Render a group of elements on a fixed place on the page

> Often you have a separate section on a page like a sidebar where you'd like to place a few different elements together. If you tag those elements as `fixed: true` in `elements.yaml`, then they'll be easy to grab from the frontend, and the same will be cleanly separated in a new tab in the admin elements section.

Reviewer: The file extension needs to be `.yml`

```suggestion
Often you have a separate section on a page like a sidebar where you'd like to place a few different elements together. If you tag those elements as `fixed: true` in `elements.yml`, then they'll be easy to grab from the frontend, and the same will be cleanly separated in a new tab in the admin elements section.
```

~~~ yaml
- name: your_element
  unique: true
  fixed: true
  contents:
    - name: name
      type: EssenceText
~~~

~~~ erb
<% @page.fixed_elements.each do |element| %>
  <%= render_element(element) %>
<% end %>
~~~

::: tip INFO

> Fixed elements replace the concept on [Cells](/cells.html) in previous versions of Alchemy.

Reviewer: Here as well a note on the version would be great

```suggestion
Fixed elements replace the concept on [Cells](/cells.html) in Alchemy versions prior to 4.2.
```
